Tang Yi drives
Oh, Mr. Shen, just take it with you.
If anything happens to you
I can't live
Tang Yi isn't leaving yet, is he?
Mr. Shen
Hey be careful
What kind of god is this?
This is clearly a living fairy
God, that little god is not a red rope for you
Take it with you
I think he can be of some use too
Little goddess, why are you his disciple now?
I swear absolutely not
I swear allegiance to Shen Yi
Who believes
It seems that the red rope is tight with Brother Shen
Come in handy
Shen Yan, you said
Could it really be the red rope of that little goddess?
Protected you
Take this with you if something happens to you
He can protect you for me
Mr. Shen, are you alright?
I'm sure what my purpose is